Code coverage (#180)
heartpoints/heartpoints.org: README.md

- [Initial Development Environment Setup](docs/initialDeveloperSetup.md)
- [Using Github](docs/usingGithub.md) - Issues, Pull Requests, and Source Control

> - [Heartpoints CLI](docs/cli.md) - Overview for the `./hp` command line interface for running dev tasks (ie: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Heartpoints CLI](docs/cli.md) - Overview for the `./hp` command line interface for running dev tasks (e.g.: 
```
